documentation/patch-notes.md, before:


# Patch Notes
### _Major changes from jeoparty.io to jparty.io_

## Major Server Upgrades
- Improved server stability. Crashes are mostly eliminated, and those that do happen are handled without losing game progress
- Reconnection system is completely rebuilt. Players can come and go from games (switch apps, close tab, etc.) as both a host and player
- Computers can now "spectate" an existing session, meaning you can play with friends remotely without screen sharing
- Computers can now join a session as a player instead of host

## AI Clue Decisions
- ChatGPT evaluates clue decisions making it much more accurate with consistent allowances for spelling and phrasing
- The result of a clue decision may be "needs more detail" giving you a second chance to clarify your answer
- Players may vote to reverse a prior clue decision, which can be used to overrule a false positive/negative

## Custom Games
New menu to customize game settings, most notably:
- Game difficulty
- Banned category types (i.e. Geography, History)
- Timer durations (i.e. time to select a clue, time to respond)
- Number of rounds, number of categories/clues per round

Normal game settings from jeoparty.io remain the default. Only normal game results will be eligible for the public leaderboard

## "Party Mode"
Using the aforementioned game settings; there is a new preset game mode intended for a more casual experience. Features of "party mode" include:
- Easier clues across all rounds
- Half as many clues for a shorter game
- More bonuses i.e. more clues that are wager and "all play" (meaning anyone in the game can respond without penalty)

This mode and other custom settings are completely optional

## Small But Important
- New "volume" menu tab to change/mute the volume of music/host voice/sound FX seperately
- After completing a game, you can return to the lobby with the same players. You may of course start over with a fresh slate if you choose
- New "feedback" menu tab to report bugs, report bad trivia data, and make development suggestions

## Fun Facts
- jparty's clue database has about 170000 clues across 20000 categories

Commit message:

Added more to player signature and changed music

documentation/patch-notes.md, after:


# Patch Notes
### _Version 1.0, a total remake of the former jeoparty.io_

## Major Server Upgrades
- Improved server stability. Crashes are mostly eliminated, and those that do happen are handled without losing game progress
- Reconnection system is completely rebuilt. Players can come and go from games (switch apps, close tab, etc.) as both a host and player
- Computers can now "spectate" an existing session, meaning you can play with friends remotely without screen sharing
- Computers can now join a session as a player instead of host

## Natural Language Clue Decisions
- ChatGPT evaluates clue decisions making it much more accurate with consistent allowances for spelling and phrasing
- The result of a clue decision may be "needs more detail" giving you a second chance to clarify your answer
- Players may vote to reverse a prior clue decision, which can be used to overrule a false positive/negative

## Custom Games
New menu to customize game settings, most notably:
- Game difficulty
- Banned category types (i.e. Geography, History)
- Timer durations (i.e. time to select a clue, time to respond)
- Number of rounds, number of categories/clues per round

Normal game settings from jeoparty.io remain the default. Only normal game results will be eligible for the public leaderboard

## "Party Mode"
Using the aforementioned game settings; there is a new preset game mode intended for a more casual experience. Features of "party mode" include:
- Easier clues across all rounds
- Half as many clues for a shorter game
- More bonuses i.e. more clues that are wager and "all play" (meaning anyone in the game can respond without penalty)

## Everything Else
- Overhauled UI with new animations and formatting
- New options for host narrator voice: the "modern" AI voice and the "classic" screen reader voice. Both options are available as masculine or feminine
- Signatures are visible more often throughout the game and can be edited any time
- New behavior for tossup clues. When multiple players buzz in at once, the player who wins becomes less likely to win the next one
- New "volume" menu tab to change/mute the volume of music/host voice/sound FX seperately
- New "feedback" menu tab to report bugs, report bad trivia data, and make development suggestions
- After completing a game, you have the option of returning to the lobby with the same players
